There was a time in my life when I dealt with depression and anxiety.
All I kept thinking was, I'm never going to make it past 20, basically.
My congregation's territory is, you know, more apathetic and at the same time mostly commercial,
so it's definitely challenging. I sometimes thought to myself, seriously, they're again.
It kind of felt like we were just checking things off a list.
I looked to the Catholic Church for help and found absolutely no answer there.
So much so that the phrase that most affected me from the day my grandfather died was,
it was God's will. I was like, what did I do? What? Why is this happening?
In my mind, I was being punished. This was incredibly painful for me.
I just wanted to do something to make the pain go away.
One day in business went missing, I met a woman who showed some interest,
so I decided to go back and we ended up studying the Bible for some time.
During that time, my mom, who owns a shop, had accepted a Bible study.
So I would stay there to listen and learn, and that study started really affecting me,
instead of her. Every time I showed up, it was actually the woman's daughter who was there.
So I would always greet her and I tried to get to know her better.
So we decided to offer her a Bible study, and to my surprise, she accepted. She decided to study.
The thought I had before that I wouldn't live past 20 completely changed.
What made all the difference for me was hearing about the hope of the resurrection.
At that time, I thought I had no future, so that hope opened my eyes to a completely new way to live.
You know, she changed her emotional state and her life.
So for me, it was a huge privilege. It made me so happy.
I felt like the angels had used me to reach her, which is incredible because really we're nothing.
It makes me so happy to see someone that I had a small part in helping become one of Jehovah's
servants. I learned that any territory can be productive. I just need to keep digging.
And if I dig a little deeper, who knows, I might just find what Jehovah's looking for.
I love Jehovah for not at any point giving up on me.